Loot said that until half of you do not give up your habits,
you will not give up and I explained to you son to give up smoking
but it is
a disease, it is a
thing for seven days, the
quarter said that people are very stupid, I have
worked even more, I have
lived in those parts of India and have
seen my end closely, only then did I understand the
matter, but who is it from
you, after getting cured, the hole is healed, then
we all testicles rally and secondly someone has said the truth,
until half of you do not give up your habits,
cigarette smoking
increases the risk of corona virus, so we have to do only two
things, quit smoking tobacco and get
vaccinated, in this note they decide to
fulfill the promise of health made to the family
[Music]